Thought-terminating_Cliches: But the Iraqi Kurds went ahead.,
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice: A failure by the United States to defend its allies or promote new political arrangements for (Syria and Iraq) will lead only to more war, the rise of new terrorist threats, and, ultimately, the necessity of more U.S. intervention.",
Thought-terminating_Cliches: our dream of independence is all but dead.,
Red_Herring: Consider what is happening in Syria.,
Flag-Waving: Only one force in the region has the power to reverse the present outcome of Syria's civil war--the United States.,
Slogans: Our dream of independence is all but dead.,
Repetition: What if the Baghdad regime of Haider al-Abadi does not agree? What if the Quds Force does not go home to Iran and the Shiite militias that helped retake Kirkuk refuse to enlist in the Iraqi army? Who then enforces Tillerson's demands? ,
Loaded_Language: Trump is being led to the Rubicon. If he crosses, he joins Bush II in the history books.,
Exaggeration,Minimisation: The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces, largely Kurdish, just annihilated ISIS in Raqqa and drove 60 miles to seize Syria's largest oil field, al-Omar, from ISIS.,
Thought-terminating_Cliches: Do we accept that outcome, pack up and go home? ,
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice: May be taken out of our hands.,
Loaded_Language: America is the strengthening of the Quds Force a magnet for Kurdish minorities in their own countries.,
Doubt: Why would Israel wish to provoke a war with Syria? ,
Exaggeration,Minimisation: our vital interests could not allow Syria and Iraq to drift into the orbit of Iran,
Loaded_Language: increasingly bleak prospect,
Flag-Waving: Only one force in the region has the power to reverse the present outcome of Syria's civil war--the United States.,
Repetition: Would President Trump be willing to fight a new war to keep Iran from consolidating its position in Iraq and Syria? Would the American people support such a war with U.S. troops? Would Congress, apparently clueless to the presence of 800 U.S. troops in Niger, authorize a new U.S. war in Syria or Iraq,
Loaded_Language: The U.S. goal of crushing the ISIS caliphate is almost attained.,
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice: But if our victory in the war against ISIS leaves Iran in the catbird seat in Baghdad and Damascus, and its corridor from Tehran to Baghdad, Damascus and Beirut secure, is that really a victory? ,
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice: Would President Trump be willing to fight a new war to keep Iran from consolidating its position in Iraq and Syria? Would the American people support such a war with U.S. troops in Baghdad and Damascus, and its corridor from Tehran to Baghdad, Damascus and Beirut.secure? Is that really a victory?,Loaded_Language: "Our dream of independence is all but dead.",
Doubt: What if the Baghdad regime of Haider al-Abadi does not agree? What if the Quds Force does not go home to Iran and the Shiite militias that helped retake Kirkuk refuse to enlist in the Iraqi army?,
Flag-Waving: This is America's War!
Exaggeration,Minimisation: Stronger than ever,
Loaded_Language: Ridiculous,
Exaggeration,Minimisation: scores of thousands wounded and a trillion dollars sunk, our 15-year war in Iraq could end with a Shiite-dominated Baghdad aligned with Tehran. ,
Loaded_Language: American people support such a war with U.S. troops,
Exaggeration,Minimisation: If he crosses, he joins Bush II in the history books.,
Name_Calling,Labeling: clueless,
Loaded_Language: driving,
Causal_Oversimplification: The U.S. goal of crushing the ISIS caliphate is almost attained.,
Loaded_Language: The Iraqi army that ran them out was trained and armed by the United States.,
Loaded_Language: As their U.S. allies watched,
Loaded_Language: The interventionist Post is saying: The situation is intolerable.,
Loaded_Language: its corridor from Tehran to Baghdad, Damascus and Beirut secure,
Doubt: Donald Trump is being led to the Rubicon. If he crosses, he joins Bush II in the history books. ,
Causal_Oversimplification: The baghdad regime of Haider al-Abadi,
Name_Calling,Labeling: interventionist,
Doubt: Any foreign fighters in Iraq need to go home."