Appeal_to_fear-prejudice: Muslims are required to wage war until there exists none of it in the world, and the only religion is that of Allah. ,
Fear_Mongering: Fight then until there is no more persecution, and worship [at the shrine] is devoted to God,
Doubt: Garry Wills explain all that? He can’t; he has just explained all Qur’anic violence and intolerance away, leaving the manifest fact that all too many Muslims worldwide think that the Qur’an says exactly what he claims it does not say an unanswered conundrum. ,
Name_Calling,Labeling: Leftist Catholic,,
Black-and-White_Fallacy: at the shrine” to this verse, Wills restricts the call to fight to the area around the Sacred Mosque in Mecca. He ignores the fact that some Islamic authorities see this passage as calling for nothing less than unlimited warfare against non-Muslims. ,
Name_Calling,Labeling: naive, inaccurate, misleadingly sunny view of the Qur’an, of course, ,
Exaggeration,Minimisation: It envisions some of the disbelievers becoming Muslim, and then turning away again, whereupon the Muslims are told to “kill them wherever you find them,
Exaggeration,Minimisation: ISIS quoted the Qur’an extensively in threats to blow up the White House and conquer Rome and Spain; in explaining its priorities in the nations it is targeting in jihad; in preaching to Christians after collecting the jizya (a Qur’an-based tax, cf,
Red_Herring: the Bible contains material that is just as bad or worse,,
Exaggeration,Minimisation: proclaims preposterously that “authentic Islam and the proper reading of the Koran are opposed to every form of violence.” ,
Ad_hominem: Wills’’ assurances that the Qur’an is not really as bad as “right-wing Islamophobes” say,,
Doubt: Wills laments “Robert Spencer of Jihad Watch calling for a ban on the Qur’an” (p. 58). I have never called for such a ban, and oppose in principle the banning of any book.,
Obfuscation,Intentional_Vagueness,Confusion: a woman’s testimony is worth half that of a man’s (2:282), a daughter is to receive a smaller part of an inheritance than a son receives (4:11), thieves are to have their hands amputated (5:38), and that those who “wage war against Allah and his messenger” are to be crucified or have a hand and foot amputated on opposite sides (5:33) are part of Sharia in all its various expressions.,
Repetition: a,
Loaded_Language: controlling for their naughtiness.,
Loaded_Language: that sounds wonderful, and certainly pleasing to multicultural ears to learn that the Qur’an is more merciful than the New Testament.,
Exaggeration,Minimisation: eliminate these, Muslims are required to wage war until there exists none of it in the world, and the only religion is that of Allah. ,
Loaded_Language: strange sons of the devil.,
Loaded_Language: teroristic.,,
Flag-Waving: the United States of America,,
Straw_Men: They wish you would disbelieve as they disbelieved so you would be alike. So do not take from among them allies until they emigrate for the cause of Allah. But if they turn away, then seize them and kill them wherever you find them and take not from among them any ally or helper (4:89).,
Causal_Oversimplification: Wills’ naïve, inaccurate, misleadingly sunny view of the Qur’an raises one massive question that the author does not and cannot answer: if the Islamic holy book is really as peaceful and benign as Garry Wills makes it out to be, why do so very many Muslims worldwide misunderstand it? ,
Loaded_Language: they are devils,,
Exaggeration,Minimisation: He renders one key passage in this way: “Fight then until there is no more persecution, and worship [at the shrine] is devoted to God” (2:193; p. 133.