Loaded_Language: longer, I am tired of sin. ,
Repetition: I am tired of the obfuscation of truth. I am tired of sin. ,
Name_Calling,Labeling: deviant sexual — almost exclusively homosexual — acts by clerics. ,
Loaded_Language: I am tired of sin. And, as one who has tried — despite my many imperfections — to lay down my life for Christ and His Church, I am tired of the regular violation of sacred duties by those entrusted with immense responsibility from the Lord for the care of His people. ,
Flag-Waving:  We’re also talking about homosexual propositions and abuses against seminarians and young priests by powerful priests, bishops, and cardinals. We are talking about acts and actions which are not only in violation of the sacred promises made by some, in short, sacrilege, but also are in violation of the natural moral law for all. To call it anything else would be deceitful and would only ignore the problem further. ,
Name_Calling,Labeling: HATER,
Repetition: I am tired of this.,
Name_Calling,Labeling:  hater” for defending the Church’s teaching on marriage,
Repetition: I am tired of this.,
Loaded_Language: now-culturally-acceptable acts of homosexuality from the publically-deplorable acts of pedophilia. ,
Loaded_Language: gravely hurt! ,
Doubt: In addition, I ask that all priests, clergy, religious, and diocesan employees join me in observing the upcoming Autumn Ember Days (Sep. 19, 21, and 22) as days of fasting and abstinence in reparation for the sins and outrages committed by members of the clergy and episcopacy and I invite all the faithful to do the same. Some sins, like some demons, can only be driven out by prayer and fasting. ,
Repetition: I am tired of this.,
Loaded_Language: extremely scandalous,
Loaded_Language: deeply sickening. ,
Doubt: In addition, I ask that all priests, clergy, religious, and diocesan employees join me in observing the upcoming Autumn Ember Days (Sep. 19, 21, and 22) as days of fasting and abstinence in reparation for the sins and outrages committed by members of the clergy and episcopacy and I invite all the faithful to do the same. Some sins, like some demons, can only be driven out by prayer and fasting. ,
Black-and-White_Fallacy: We must all work daily on our own personal holiness and hold ourselves accountable first and, in turn, hold our brothers and sisters accountable as well, and,
Loaded_Language: rooted out ,
Exaggeration,Minimisation: during the most vile clergy sex scandal in history,,
Causal_Oversimplification: The reality of sin — even sin in the Church — is nothing new. We are a Church made of sinners, but we are sinners called to sanctity.,
Repetition: I am tired of this ,
Repetition: I am tired of this,
Repetition: I am tired of this.,
Repetition: ready to be the Mayor? ,
Loaded_Language: God’s wrath,
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice:  The deeper crisis that must be addressed is the license for sin to have a home in individuals at every level of the Church.,
Repetition: sickening,
Repetition: I will not stand for this in my diocese any more than in our seminaries. ,
Name_Calling,Labeling: vilest,
Loaded_Language: I am tired of this. I am tired of this in my diocese or anywhere I send men for formation. ,
Loaded_Language: Enough 