Name_Calling,Labeling: a "disaster" potential witness,
Doubt: Are we about to see a serious shakedown in all of this? ,
Loaded_Language: a case could be made for treason,
Loaded_Language: zero coverage in the mainstream media,
Loaded_Language: a highly valued CIA and FBI asset,
Doubt: But Campbell had provided the FBI with evidence of the criminal network and delivered the information to the FBI, which was monitoring his work as an informant and approving his transfer of bribery money to the Russians. Those transfers, which were made in bulk $50,000 sums and at times delivered in cash, occurred between senior executives of the American transportation company and the Russian executives connected to Rosatom. He had given the FBI irrefutable evidence showing how contracts obtained from the same Russian energy company Tenex, were based on contract bribery and other nefarious actions, he said. Senior members of the FBI, Department of Treasury, Department of Energy and Department of Justice were also briefed on Campbell’s information and were apprised of the various facets pertaining to Russia’s acquisition of the Canadian company. In fact, Campbell had been told by his FBI handlers that his work had made it at least twice into President Obama’s classified presidential daily briefings. Of course, we know what Obama did with his daily briefings. They are somewhere in the White House sewer system. ,
Doubt: However, it is now being reported that an FBI informant that was involved in the Uranium One deal, has told congressional committees that Moscow paid lobbyists to influence then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton by helping former President Bill Clinton’s charities during the Obama administration. ,
Doubt: We also know the following about Campbell: Undercover FBI informant William Campbell has given written testimony to Congressional investigators after an "iron clad" gag order was lifted in October Campbell was a highly valued CIA and FBI asset deeply embedded in the Russian nuclear industry while Robert Mueller was the Director of the FBI while Robert Mueller was the Director of the FBI Campbell was required by the Russians, under threat, to launder large sums of money - which allowed the FBI to uncover a massive Russian "nuclear money laundering apparatus " " He collected over 5,000 documents and briefs over a six year period, some of which detail efforts by Moscow to route money to the Clinton Foundation Campbell claims to have video evidence of bribe money related to the Uranium One deal being stuffed into suitcases. of bribe money related to the Uranium One deal being stuffed into suitcases. The Obama FBI knew about the bribery scheme, yet the administration still approved the Uranium One deal. ,
Loaded_Language: the kind of business they were going to do as soon as CFIUS approved it,
Loaded_Language: a case could be made for treason,
Loaded_Language: a massive Russian "nuclear money laundering apparatus " ,
Loaded_Language: unconstitutionally orchestrated by the DC government,
Loaded_Language: nefarious actions,
Loaded_Language: iron clad,
Red_Herring: They are somewhere in the White House sewer system,
Doubt: All of this then goes back to things we have pointed out with ranchers in the western united States and how this impacts them, as well as the land grabs that are unconstitutionally orchestrated by the DC government and the Bureau of Land Management. There is also substantial documentation that was discovered in Oregon that relates to this deal during the Oregon occupation in 2016, which got zero coverage in the mainstream media. Are we about to see a serious shakedown in all of this? Time will tell, but I remain skeptical, as in the end, all we ever get is excuses rather than justice. 