Instruction:
You are a Text Classifier indetifying 18 Propaganda Techniques within News Articles and Posts. These are the 18 propaganda techniques you classify with definitions and examples:
Loaded_Language - Using words/phrases with strong emotional implications to influence an audience, e.g. 'a lone lawmaker’s childish shouting.'
Name_Calling,Labeling - Labeling the object of the propaganda campaign as either the audience hates or loves, e.g. 'Bush the Lesser.'
Repetition -  Repeating the message over and over in the article so that the audience will accept it, e.g. 'Our great leader is the epitome of wisdom. Their decisions are always wise and just.'
Exaggeration,Minimisation - Either representing something in an excessive manner or making something seem less important than it actually is, e.g. 'I was not fighting with her; we were just playing.'
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice - Building support for an idea by instilling anxiety and/or panic in the audience towards an alternative, e.g. 'stop those refugees; they are terrorists.'
Flag-Waving; Playing on strong national feeling (or with respect to a group, e.g., race, gender, political preference) to justify or promote an action or idea, e.g. 'entering this war will make us have a better future in our country.'
Causal_Oversimplification -  Assuming one cause when there are multiple causes behind an issue, e.g. 'If France had not declared war on Germany, World War II would have never happened.'
Appeal_to_Authority - Stating that a claim is true because a valid authority or expert on the issue supports it, 'The World Health Organisation stated, the new medicine is the most effective treatment for the disease.'
Slogans - A brief and striking phrase that contains labeling and stereotyping, e.g.  “Make America great again!”
Thought-terminating_Cliches -  Words or phrases that discourage critical thought and useful discussion about a given topic, e.g. “it is what it is”
Whataboutism - Discredit an opponent’s position by charging them with hypocrisy without directly disproving their argument, e.g. 'They want to preserve the FBI’s reputation.'
Black-and-White_Fallacy -  Giving two alternative options as the only possibilities, when actually more options exist, e.g. 'You must be a Republican or Democrat'
Reductio_ad_hitlerum - Persuading an audience to disapprove an idea by suggesting that the idea is popular with groups hated in contempt by the target audience, e.g. “Only one kind of person can think this way: a communist.”
Doubt - Questioning the credibility of someone or something, e.g. 'Is he ready to be the Mayor?'
Red herring - Introducing irrelevant material to the issue being discussed, so that everyone’s attention is diverted away from the points made, e.g. “You may claim that the death penalty is an ineffective deterrent against crime – but what about the victims of crime?"
Bandwagon - Attempting to persuade the target audience to take the course of action because “everyone else is taking the same action”, e.g. “Would you vote for Clinton as president? 57% say yes.”
Obfuscation,Intentional_Vagueness,Confusion	 - Using deliberately unclear words, so that the audience may have its own interpretation, e.g. “It is a good idea to listen to victims of theft. Therefore, if the victims say to have the thief shot, then you should do it.”
Straw man - When an opponent’s proposition is substituted with a similar one which is then refuted in place of the original
        
For the given text please state which of the 18 propaganda techniques are present and indicate the phrases containing those techniques. If no propaganda technique was identified return "no propaganda detected". An example output would list the propaganda techniques and phrases with each technique in a new line, e.g.:
Loaded_Language: Corresponding phrase from the text,
Thought-terminating_Cliches: Corresponding phrase from the text,
Repetition: Corresponding phrase from the text

Here is the text:
 America's Immigration Voice.

The Kurds have no friends but the mountains, is an old lament .
Last week, it must have been very much on Kurdish minds.
As their U.S. allies watched, the Kurdish peshmerga fighters were run out of Kirkuk and all the territory they had captured fighting ISIS alongside the Americans.
The Iraqi army that ran them out was trained and armed by the United States.
The U.S. had warned the Kurds against holding the referendum on independence on Sept. 25, which carried with 92 percent.
Iran and Turkey had warned against an independent Kurdistan that could be a magnet for Kurdish minorities in their own countries.
But the Iraqi Kurds went ahead.
Now they have lost Kirkuk and its oil, and their dream of independence is all but dead.
More troubling for America is the new reality revealed by the rout of the peshmerga.
Iraq, which George W. Bush and the neocons were going to fashion into a pro-Western democracy and American ally, appears to be as close to Iran as it is to the United States.
After 4,500 U.S. dead, scores of thousands wounded and a trillion dollars sunk, our 15-year war in Iraq could end with a Shiite-dominated Baghdad aligned with Tehran.
With that grim prospect in mind, Secretary Rex Tillerson said Sunday , "Iranian militias that are in Iraq, now that the fight against ... ISIS is coming to a close ... need to go home.
Any foreign fighters in Iraq need to go home."
Tillerson meant Iran's Quds Force in Iraq should go home, and the Shiite militia in Iraq should be conscripted into the army.
But what if the Baghdad regime of Haider al-Abadi does not agree?
What if the Quds Force does not go home to Iran and the Shiite militias that helped retake Kirkuk refuse to enlist in the Iraqi army?
Who then enforces Tillerson's demands?
Consider what is happening in Syria.
The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces, largely Kurdish, just annihilated ISIS in Raqqa and drove 60 miles to seize Syria's largest oil field, al-Omar, from ISIS.
The race is now on between the SDF and Bashar Assad's army to secure the border with Iraq.
Bottom line: The U.S. goal of crushing the ISIS caliphate is almost attained.
But if our victory in the war against ISIS leaves Iran in the catbird seat in Baghdad and Damascus, and its corridor from Tehran to Baghdad, Damascus and Beirut secure, is that really a victory?
Do we accept that outcome, pack up and go home?
Or do we leave our forces in Syria and Iraq and defy any demand from Assad to vacate his country?
Sunday's editorial in The Washington Post, "The Next Mideast Wars," raises the crucial questions now before us.
Would President Trump be willing to fight a new war to keep Iran from consolidating its position in Iraq and Syria?
Would the American people support such a war with U.S. troops?
Would Congress, apparently clueless to the presence of 800 U.S. troops in Niger, authorize a new U.S. war in Syria or Iraq?
If Trump and his generals felt our vital interests could not allow Syria and Iraq to drift into the orbit of Iran, where would we find allies for such a fight?
If we rely on the Kurds in Syria, we lose NATO ally Turkey, which regards Syria's Kurds as collaborators of the PKK in Turkey, which even the U.S. designates a terrorist organization.
The decision as to whether this country should engage in new post-ISIS wars in the Mideast, however, may be taken out of our hands.
Saturday, Israel launched new air strikes against gun positions in Syria in retaliation for shells fired into the Golan Heights.
Damascus claims that Israel's "terrorist" allies inside Syria fired the shells, to give the IDF an excuse to attack.
Why would Israel wish to provoke a war with Syria?
Because the Israelis see the outcome of the six-year Syrian civil war as a strategic disaster.
Hezbollah, stronger than ever, was part of Assad's victorious coalition.
Iran may have secured its land corridor from Tehran to Beirut.
Its presence in Syria could now be permanent.
And only one force in the region has the power to reverse the present outcome of Syria's civil war--the United States.
Bibi Netanyahu knows that if war with Syria breaks out, a clamor will arise in Congress to have the U.S. rush to Israel's aid.
"A failure by the United States to defend its allies or promote new political arrangements for (Syria and Iraq) will lead only to more war, the rise of new terrorist threats, and, ultimately, the necessity of more U.S.
intervention."
Closing its Sunday editorial the Post instructed the president:The interventionist Post is saying: The situation is intolerable.
Confront Assad and Iran now, or fight them later.
Trump is being led to the Rubicon.
If he crosses, he joins Bush II in the history books.
Patrick J. Buchanan needs no introduction to VDARE.COM readers; his books
and
are available from Amazon.com.
Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of
His latest book, published May 9, is



Response:
Loaded_Language: The Kurds have no friends but the mountains, is an old lament,
Loaded_Language: As their U.S. allies watched, the Kurdish peshmerga fighters were run out of Kirkuk and all the territory they had captured fighting ISIS alongside the Americans,
Loaded_Language: The Iraqi army that ran them out was trained and armed by the United States,
Loaded_Language: The U.S. had warned the Kurds against holding the referendum on independence on Sept. 25, which carried with 92 percent,
Loaded_Language: Iran and Turkey had warned against an independent Kurdistan that could be a magnet for Kurdish minorities in their own countries,
Loaded_Language: But the Iraqi Kurds went ahead,
Loaded_Language: Now they have lost Kirkuk and its oil, and their dream of independence is all but dead,
Loaded_Language: More troubling for America is the new reality revealed by the rout of the peshmerga,
Loaded_Language: Iraq, which George W. Bush and the neocons were going to fashion into a pro-Western democracy and American ally, appears to be as close to Iran as it is to the United States,
Loaded_Language: After 4,500 U.S. dead, scores of thousands wounded and a trillion dollars sunk, our 15-year war in Iraq could end with a Shiite-dominated Baghdad aligned with Tehran,
Loaded_Language: With that grim prospect in mind, Secretary Rex Tillerson said Sunday , "Iranian militias that are in Iraq, now that the fight against ... ISIS is coming to a close ... need to go home,
Loaded_Language: Any foreign fighters in Iraq need to go home,
Loaded_Language: Tillerson meant Iran's Quds Force in Iraq should go home, and the Shiite militia in Iraq should be conscripted into the army,
Loaded_Language: But what if the Baghdad regime of Haider al-Abadi does not agree,
Loaded_Language: What if the Quds Force does not go home to Iran and the Shiite militias that helped retake Kirkuk refuse to enlist in the Iraqi army,
Loaded_Language: Who then enforces Tillerson's demands,
Loaded_Language: Consider what is happening in Syria,
Loaded_Language: The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces, largely Kurdish, just annihilated ISIS in Raqqa and drove 60 miles to seize Syria's largest oil field, al-Omar, from ISIS,
Loaded_Language: The race is now on between the SDF and Bashar Assad's army to secure the border with Iraq,
Loaded_Language: Bottom line: The U.S. goal of crushing the ISIS caliphate is almost attained,
Loaded_Language: But if our victory in the war against ISIS leaves Iran in the catbird seat in Baghdad and Damascus, and its corridor from Tehran to Baghdad, Damascus and Beirut secure, is that really a victory,
Loaded_Language: Do we accept that outcome, pack up and go home,
Loaded_Language: Or do we leave our forces in Syria and Iraq and defy any demand from Assad to vacate his country,
Loaded_Language: Sunday's editorial in The Washington Post, "The Next Mideast Wars," raises the crucial questions now before us,
Loaded_Language: Would President Trump be willing to fight a new war to keep Iran from consolidating its position in Iraq and Syria,
Loaded_Language: Would the American people support such a war with U.S. troops,
Loaded_Language: Would Congress, apparently clueless to the presence of 800 U.S. troops in Niger, authorize a new U.S. war in Syria or Iraq,
Loaded_Language: If Trump and his generals felt our vital interests could not allow Syria and Iraq to drift into the orbit of Iran, where would we find allies for such a fight,
Loaded_Language: If we rely on the Kurds in Syria, we lose NATO ally Turkey, which regards Syria's Kurds as collaborators of the PKK in Turkey, which even the U.S. designates a terrorist organization,
Loaded_Language: The decision as to whether this country should engage in new post-ISIS wars in the Mideast, however, may be taken out of our hands,
Loaded_Language: Saturday, Israel launched new air strikes against gun positions in Syria in retaliation for shells fired into the Golan Heights,
Loaded_Language: Damascus claims that Israel's "terrorist" allies inside Syria fired the shells, to give the IDF an excuse to attack,
Loaded_Language: Why would Israel wish to provoke a war with Syria,
Loaded_Language: Because the Israelis see the outcome of the six-year Syrian civil war as a strategic disaster,
Loaded_Language: Hezbollah, stronger than ever, was part of Assad's victorious coalition,
Loaded_Language: Iran may have secured its land corridor from Tehran to Beirut,
Loaded_Language: Its presence in Syria could now be permanent,
Loaded_Language: And only one force in the region has the power to reverse the present outcome of Syria's civil war--the United States,
Loaded_Language: Bibi Netanyahu knows that if war with Syria breaks out, a clamor will arise in Congress to have the U.S. rush to Israel's aid,
Loaded_Language: "A failure by the United States to defend its allies or promote new political arrangements for (Syria and Iraq) will lead only to more war, the rise of new terrorist threats, and, ultimately, the necessity of more U.S,
Loaded_Language: intervention,
Loaded_Language: Closing its Sunday editorial the Post instructed the president:The interventionist Post is saying: The situation is intolerable,
Loaded_Language: Confront Assad and Iran now, or fight them later,
Loaded_Language: Trump is being led to the Rubicon,
Loaded_Language: If he crosses, he joins Bush II in the history books,
Loaded_Language: Patrick J. Buchanan needs no introduction to VDARE.COM readers; his books
Loaded_Language: Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of
Loaded_Language: His latest book, published May 9, is



