Instruction:
You are a Text Classifier indetifying 18 Propaganda Techniques within News Articles and Posts. These are the 18 propaganda techniques you classify with definitions and examples:
Loaded_Language - Using words/phrases with strong emotional implications to influence an audience, e.g. 'a lone lawmaker’s childish shouting.'
Name_Calling,Labeling - Labeling the object of the propaganda campaign as either the audience hates or loves, e.g. 'Bush the Lesser.'
Repetition -  Repeating the message over and over in the article so that the audience will accept it, e.g. 'Our great leader is the epitome of wisdom. Their decisions are always wise and just.'
Exaggeration,Minimisation - Either representing something in an excessive manner or making something seem less important than it actually is, e.g. 'I was not fighting with her; we were just playing.'
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice - Building support for an idea by instilling anxiety and/or panic in the audience towards an alternative, e.g. 'stop those refugees; they are terrorists.'
Flag-Waving; Playing on strong national feeling (or with respect to a group, e.g., race, gender, political preference) to justify or promote an action or idea, e.g. 'entering this war will make us have a better future in our country.'
Causal_Oversimplification -  Assuming one cause when there are multiple causes behind an issue, e.g. 'If France had not declared war on Germany, World War II would have never happened.'
Appeal_to_Authority - Stating that a claim is true because a valid authority or expert on the issue supports it, 'The World Health Organisation stated, the new medicine is the most effective treatment for the disease.'
Slogans - A brief and striking phrase that contains labeling and stereotyping, e.g.  “Make America great again!”
Thought-terminating_Cliches -  Words or phrases that discourage critical thought and useful discussion about a given topic, e.g. “it is what it is”
Whataboutism - Discredit an opponent’s position by charging them with hypocrisy without directly disproving their argument, e.g. 'They want to preserve the FBI’s reputation.'
Black-and-White_Fallacy -  Giving two alternative options as the only possibilities, when actually more options exist, e.g. 'You must be a Republican or Democrat'
Reductio_ad_hitlerum - Persuading an audience to disapprove an idea by suggesting that the idea is popular with groups hated in contempt by the target audience, e.g. “Only one kind of person can think this way: a communist.”
Doubt - Questioning the credibility of someone or something, e.g. 'Is he ready to be the Mayor?'
Red herring - Introducing irrelevant material to the issue being discussed, so that everyone’s attention is diverted away from the points made, e.g. “You may claim that the death penalty is an ineffective deterrent against crime – but what about the victims of crime?"
Bandwagon - Attempting to persuade the target audience to take the course of action because “everyone else is taking the same action”, e.g. “Would you vote for Clinton as president? 57% say yes.”
Obfuscation,Intentional_Vagueness,Confusion	 - Using deliberately unclear words, so that the audience may have its own interpretation, e.g. “It is a good idea to listen to victims of theft. Therefore, if the victims say to have the thief shot, then you should do it.”
Straw man - When an opponent’s proposition is substituted with a similar one which is then refuted in place of the original
        
For the given text please state which of the 18 propaganda techniques are present and indicate the phrases containing those techniques. If no propaganda technique was identified return "no propaganda detected". An example output would list the propaganda techniques and phrases with each technique in a new line, e.g.:
Loaded_Language: Corresponding phrase from the text,
Thought-terminating_Cliches: Corresponding phrase from the text,
Repetition: Corresponding phrase from the text

Here is the text:
 DOJ May Hit #Resistance Mayor Who Warned Illegal Criminals w/Obstruction of Justice

ICE had already called out Oakland's radical leftist boss for helping criminals and endangering ICE personnel by tipping them off that a raid was coming.
Her actions were quite clearly illegal, though she claimed that she had cleared her actions with lawyers beforehand, And now, a member of the #Resistance may actually end up fighting obstruction of justice charges.
Thomas Homan, the acting director of ICE, slammed Mayor Schaaf, who on Saturday night released an unprecedented warning that ICE was about to begin arresting people.
Schaaf said she issued the alert after receiving confidential tips from “credible sources,” and conferring with attorneys to make sure she wasn’t opening herself up to federal prosecution.
The mayor’s move endangered ICE officers and alerted their targets, Homan asserted, “making clear that this reckless decision was based on her political agenda.” He said 864 “criminal aliens and public safety threats remain at large in the community, and I have to believe that some of them were able to elude us thanks to the mayor’s irresponsible decision.” Fox News, which was given a ride-along with ICE officers during the operation, reported that agency officials were asking the Department of Justice to investigate whether Schaaf broke any laws.
Now the DOJ is looking into Schaaf.
The Department of Justice is looking into whether Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf obstructed justice by warning Northern California residents of an impending raid by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).
The agency’s acting director, Thomas Homan, told “Fox & Friends” Wednesday morning that the DOJ is “reviewing” whether Schaaf broke any laws by telling her constituents ICE would be raiding the area in order to arrest people violating federal immigration laws.
Schaaf, a Democrat, posted the warning to Twitter Saturday, writing that “multiple credible sources” told her the immigration agency was “preparing to conduct an operation in the Bay Area, including Oakland, starting as soon as” Sunday.
“What she did is no better than a gang lookout yelling ‘police’ when a police cruiser comes in the neighborhood, except she did it to a whole community,” Homan told "Fox & Friends."
"There's over 800 significant public safety threat criminals ... that we are unable to locate because of that warning, so that community's a lot less safe than it would've been."
That's exactly it.
And Dems have become honorary members of MS-13.
And those who collaborate with illegal alien gang members should face the consequences.



Response:
Loaded_Language: “criminal aliens”,
Loaded_Language: “reckless decision”,
Loaded_Language: “irresponsible decision”,
Loaded_Language: “illegal alien gang members”,
Loaded_Language: “illegal alien gang members”,
Loaded_Language: “illegal alien gang members”,
Loaded_Language: “illegal alien gang members”,
Name_Calling,Labeling: “#Resistance”,
Name_Calling,Labeling: “#Resistance”,
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice: “making clear that this reckless decision was based on her political agenda”,
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice: “864 “criminal aliens and public safety threats remain at large in the community, and I have to believe that some of them were able to elude us thanks to the mayor’s irresponsible decision”,
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice: “What she did is no better than a gang lookout yelling ‘police’ when a police cruiser comes in the neighborhood, except she did it to a whole community”,
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice: “There's over 800 significant public safety threat criminals ... that we are unable to locate because of that warning, so that community's a lot less safe than it would've been”,
Thought-terminating_Cliches: “That's exactly it”,
Exaggeration,Minimisation: “864 “criminal aliens and public safety threats remain at large in the community”,
Repetition: “And Dems have become honorary members of MS-13”,
Repetition: “And those who collaborate with illegal alien gang members should face the consequences”,
Repetition: “And those who collaborate with illegal alien gang members should face the consequences”,
Repetition: “And those who collaborate with illegal alien gang members should face the consequences”