Instruction:
You are a Text Classifier indetifying 18 Propaganda Techniques within News Articles and Posts. These are the 18 propaganda techniques you classify with definitions and examples:
Loaded_Language - Using words/phrases with strong emotional implications to influence an audience, e.g. 'a lone lawmaker’s childish shouting.'
Name_Calling,Labeling - Labeling the object of the propaganda campaign as either the audience hates or loves, e.g. 'Bush the Lesser.'
Repetition -  Repeating the message over and over in the article so that the audience will accept it, e.g. 'Our great leader is the epitome of wisdom. Their decisions are always wise and just.'
Exaggeration,Minimisation - Either representing something in an excessive manner or making something seem less important than it actually is, e.g. 'I was not fighting with her; we were just playing.'
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice - Building support for an idea by instilling anxiety and/or panic in the audience towards an alternative, e.g. 'stop those refugees; they are terrorists.'
Flag-Waving; Playing on strong national feeling (or with respect to a group, e.g., race, gender, political preference) to justify or promote an action or idea, e.g. 'entering this war will make us have a better future in our country.'
Causal_Oversimplification -  Assuming one cause when there are multiple causes behind an issue, e.g. 'If France had not declared war on Germany, World War II would have never happened.'
Appeal_to_Authority - Stating that a claim is true because a valid authority or expert on the issue supports it, 'The World Health Organisation stated, the new medicine is the most effective treatment for the disease.'
Slogans - A brief and striking phrase that contains labeling and stereotyping, e.g.  “Make America great again!”
Thought-terminating_Cliches -  Words or phrases that discourage critical thought and useful discussion about a given topic, e.g. “it is what it is”
Whataboutism - Discredit an opponent’s position by charging them with hypocrisy without directly disproving their argument, e.g. 'They want to preserve the FBI’s reputation.'
Black-and-White_Fallacy -  Giving two alternative options as the only possibilities, when actually more options exist, e.g. 'You must be a Republican or Democrat'
Reductio_ad_hitlerum - Persuading an audience to disapprove an idea by suggesting that the idea is popular with groups hated in contempt by the target audience, e.g. “Only one kind of person can think this way: a communist.”
Doubt - Questioning the credibility of someone or something, e.g. 'Is he ready to be the Mayor?'
Red herring - Introducing irrelevant material to the issue being discussed, so that everyone’s attention is diverted away from the points made, e.g. “You may claim that the death penalty is an ineffective deterrent against crime – but what about the victims of crime?"
Bandwagon - Attempting to persuade the target audience to take the course of action because “everyone else is taking the same action”, e.g. “Would you vote for Clinton as president? 57% say yes.”
Obfuscation,Intentional_Vagueness,Confusion	 - Using deliberately unclear words, so that the audience may have its own interpretation, e.g. “It is a good idea to listen to victims of theft. Therefore, if the victims say to have the thief shot, then you should do it.”
Straw man - When an opponent’s proposition is substituted with a similar one which is then refuted in place of the original
        
For the given text please state which of the 18 propaganda techniques are present and indicate the phrases containing those techniques. If no propaganda technique was identified return "no propaganda detected". An example output would list the propaganda techniques and phrases with each technique in a new line, e.g.:
Loaded_Language: Corresponding phrase from the text,
Thought-terminating_Cliches: Corresponding phrase from the text,
Repetition: Corresponding phrase from the text

Here is the text:
 MAJOR NEW STUDY: Homeschooling Spikes Due to School Violence, Far-Left Bias

According to a 33-year-long study conducted by the National Home Education Research Institute in Oregon, the top three reasons that parents choose homeschooling are a desire to provide religious instruction or different values than those offered in public schools; dissatisfaction with the academic curriculum, and worries about the school environment.
As reported by The Washington Times, the recent school shooting at Parkland, Fla., was the last straw for scores of parents.
The paper noted that “the phones started ringing at the Texas Home School Coalition, and they haven’t stopped yet.”
The Times added:The Lubbock-based organization has been swamped with inquiries for months from parents seeking safer options for their kids in the aftermath of this year’s deadly school massacres, first in Parkland and then in Santa Fe, Texas.
“When the Parkland shooting happened, our phone calls and emails exploded,” said coalition president Tim Lambert.
“In the last couple of months, our numbers have doubled.
We’re dealing with probably between 1,200 and 1,400 calls and emails per month, and prior to that it was 600 to 700.”
While the debate rages anew over familiar topics following such tragedies — tougher, more restrictive gun control laws and bolstering security at public schools — the revolution in homeschooling has been taking place quietly, behind the scenes and off the radar screens of most political organizations.
But again, it’s not just the shootings, which admittedly have increased in the past couple of years.
Christopher Chin, head of Homeschool Louisiana, told The Times that parents are fed up with “the violence, the bullying, the unsafe environments.”
The Left is driving more kids OUT of public schools
There is also the Left-wing social engineering.
The craziness over transgender students and bathrooms/locker rooms, allowing students to “take a knee” during the playing of the National Anthem, the Left-wing curriculum, and refusing to allow students to wear shirts that praise POTUS Trump or feature the American flag are also driving parents into homeschooling.
REMNANT COMMENT: We here at The Remnant are always eager to promote the home-schooling movement, and this report helps illustrate why.
At the moment and personally speaking, my own family’s home-school is going great guns.
We have a daughter still in high school and three in grade school.
Our family couldn't be happier with our decision to homeschool---yes, all the way through high school.
And as for our older home-schooled children: My third-eldest child is preparing to head off to college in the fall.
Her older sister just finished a semester studying in Austria and will graduate with a double major and a minor degree next spring.
My son will be a junior this fall, working on a Mass Communications degree at Franciscan University.
Here's an example of his work:
Perhaps this video from a couple of years ago will be useful to those considering home-schooling this fall:
Friends, please give serious thought and prayer to home-schooling your children.
I realize it’s a challenge, but few challenges have greater payoffs in this world or the next.
There is no better way to keep the Catholic family together and committed to the Catholic restoration than the Catholic home school.



Response:
Appeal_to_Authority: The Washington Times,
Appeal_to_Authority: Homeschool Louisiana,
Appeal_to_Authority: The Remnant,
Loaded_Language: The Left is driving more kids OUT of public schools,
Loaded_Language: The craziness over transgender students and bathrooms/locker rooms,
Loaded_Language: allowing students to “take a knee” during the playing of the National Anthem,
Loaded_Language: the Left-wing curriculum,
Loaded_Language: and refusing to allow students to wear shirts that praise POTUS Trump or feature the American flag,
Name_Calling,Labeling: The Left,
Repetition: The Remnant,
Repetition: The Remnant,
Thought-terminating_Cliches: It’s a challenge,
Thought-terminating_Cliches: but few challenges have greater payoffs in this world or the next