Instruction:
You are a Text Classifier indetifying 18 Propaganda Techniques within News Articles and Posts. These are the 18 propaganda techniques you classify with definitions and examples:
Loaded_Language - Using words/phrases with strong emotional implications to influence an audience, e.g. 'a lone lawmaker’s childish shouting.'
Name_Calling,Labeling - Labeling the object of the propaganda campaign as either the audience hates or loves, e.g. 'Bush the Lesser.'
Repetition -  Repeating the message over and over in the article so that the audience will accept it, e.g. 'Our great leader is the epitome of wisdom. Their decisions are always wise and just.'
Exaggeration,Minimisation - Either representing something in an excessive manner or making something seem less important than it actually is, e.g. 'I was not fighting with her; we were just playing.'
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice - Building support for an idea by instilling anxiety and/or panic in the audience towards an alternative, e.g. 'stop those refugees; they are terrorists.'
Flag-Waving; Playing on strong national feeling (or with respect to a group, e.g., race, gender, political preference) to justify or promote an action or idea, e.g. 'entering this war will make us have a better future in our country.'
Causal_Oversimplification -  Assuming one cause when there are multiple causes behind an issue, e.g. 'If France had not declared war on Germany, World War II would have never happened.'
Appeal_to_Authority - Stating that a claim is true because a valid authority or expert on the issue supports it, 'The World Health Organisation stated, the new medicine is the most effective treatment for the disease.'
Slogans - A brief and striking phrase that contains labeling and stereotyping, e.g.  “Make America great again!”
Thought-terminating_Cliches -  Words or phrases that discourage critical thought and useful discussion about a given topic, e.g. “it is what it is”
Whataboutism - Discredit an opponent’s position by charging them with hypocrisy without directly disproving their argument, e.g. 'They want to preserve the FBI’s reputation.'
Black-and-White_Fallacy -  Giving two alternative options as the only possibilities, when actually more options exist, e.g. 'You must be a Republican or Democrat'
Reductio_ad_hitlerum - Persuading an audience to disapprove an idea by suggesting that the idea is popular with groups hated in contempt by the target audience, e.g. “Only one kind of person can think this way: a communist.”
Doubt - Questioning the credibility of someone or something, e.g. 'Is he ready to be the Mayor?'
Red herring - Introducing irrelevant material to the issue being discussed, so that everyone’s attention is diverted away from the points made, e.g. “You may claim that the death penalty is an ineffective deterrent against crime – but what about the victims of crime?"
Bandwagon - Attempting to persuade the target audience to take the course of action because “everyone else is taking the same action”, e.g. “Would you vote for Clinton as president? 57% say yes.”
Obfuscation,Intentional_Vagueness,Confusion	 - Using deliberately unclear words, so that the audience may have its own interpretation, e.g. “It is a good idea to listen to victims of theft. Therefore, if the victims say to have the thief shot, then you should do it.”
Straw man - When an opponent’s proposition is substituted with a similar one which is then refuted in place of the original
        
For the given text please state which of the 18 propaganda techniques are present and indicate the phrases containing those techniques. If no propaganda technique was identified return "no propaganda detected". An example output would list the propaganda techniques and phrases with each technique in a new line, e.g.:
Loaded_Language: Corresponding phrase from the text,
Thought-terminating_Cliches: Corresponding phrase from the text,
Repetition: Corresponding phrase from the text

Here is the text:
 Undercover Video: Andrew Gillum Staffer: “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen”

Florida gubernatorial candidate and George Soros-backed Andrew Gillum may have just been completely undercut by a member of his own staff.
Not that his racist, anti-semite claims against his opponent weren't enough, one of his staffers has been caught in an undercover video saying, “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen” and that is to be kept confidential from the public.
In a new undercover video from Project Veritas, Omar Smith, who is a staffer for Gillum and claims to have also attended college with him, said that if Gillum is elected “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen.”
take our poll - story continues below
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
* Yes, military force should be used.
No, keep the military out of it.
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
When asked whether that would be important for voters to know that or not, Smith said, “That’s not for them to know.”
Of course, anyone following what Gillum has been promoting knows he isn't planning on delivering just like many politicians.
“So, let’s go back to Mr. Gillum’s platform, right?” said Smith.
“Raise the corporate tax in Florida from 7 to 11 percent.
That will never happen.
Raise teacher’s pay to $50,000, that will never happen.
Give me another position.
Medicare for all, that will never happen.”
What's even more amazing, but not surprising, is that Gillum has claimed that his opponent is a racist, but the video demonstrates the utter racism of Smith, which one can then conclude that Gillum knows about Smith's racism and keeps him on staff anyway.
“This is a f***ed up state,” said Smith.
“It’s a cracker state.”
Smith also stated that the campaign has “to appeal to white guilt.”
Good luck with that!
It gets worse though.
Smith says that Gillum is “a progressive” who is “a part of the crazy, crazy, crazies.”
NEW: The honesty of Gillum's campaign staff on undercover video is refreshing, especially when it comes to who the real Andrew Gillum is.
While trying to appear as a moderate, "Gillum is a Progressive" and "He is a part of the crazy, crazy, crazies."
FULL: https://t.co/G0V1HlyAlz pic.twitter.com/YDWifuIDWv — James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 1, 2018
OK, we know that, but if that is true, what sort of useful idiot is Smith?
A pretty big one if you ask me.
Gillum is not a lawful man as he does not support the right to keep and bear arms, but rather considers Americans as criminals who need to prove their innocence before obtaining a gun.
WATCH: Gillum Campaign Staff on gun control "I don't think he can say it [be]cause he's trying to get the moderates" ... "three day waiting period for everybody," "small steps" to ban assault rifles pic.twitter.com/nIwAUvz2YR — PVeritas Action (@PVeritas_Action) November 1, 2018
“I do think he’s not saying specifically, like, I’m going to ban bump stocks or I’m against ARs, only because he’s running a race right now,” said Adrian Young, who serves as the Community Engagement Specialist for the Florida Democratic Party.
“I do think he would support anybody doing that stuff, Bill Nelson … But I don’t think he can say it, just cause he’s trying to get the moderates and the gun-toting people in North Florida.”
In October, Project Veritas exposed the corruption of Claire McCaskill's campaign.
Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard



Response:
Loaded_Language: “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen”,
Loaded_Language: “That’s not for them to know”,
Loaded_Language: “It’s a cracker state”,
Loaded_Language: “to appeal to white guilt”,
Loaded_Language: “a progressive”
Loaded_Language: “He is a part of the crazy, crazy, crazies”,
Loaded_Language: “a part of the crazy, crazy, crazies”,
Loaded_Language: “a lawful man”,
Loaded_Language: “a part of the crazy, crazy, crazies”