Instruction:
You are a Text Classifier indetifying 18 Propaganda Techniques within News Articles and Posts. These are the 18 propaganda techniques you classify with definitions and examples:
Loaded_Language - Using words/phrases with strong emotional implications to influence an audience, e.g. 'a lone lawmaker’s childish shouting.'
Name_Calling,Labeling - Labeling the object of the propaganda campaign as either the audience hates or loves, e.g. 'Bush the Lesser.'
Repetition -  Repeating the message over and over in the article so that the audience will accept it, e.g. 'Our great leader is the epitome of wisdom. Their decisions are always wise and just.'
Exaggeration,Minimisation - Either representing something in an excessive manner or making something seem less important than it actually is, e.g. 'I was not fighting with her; we were just playing.'
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice - Building support for an idea by instilling anxiety and/or panic in the audience towards an alternative, e.g. 'stop those refugees; they are terrorists.'
Flag-Waving; Playing on strong national feeling (or with respect to a group, e.g., race, gender, political preference) to justify or promote an action or idea, e.g. 'entering this war will make us have a better future in our country.'
Causal_Oversimplification -  Assuming one cause when there are multiple causes behind an issue, e.g. 'If France had not declared war on Germany, World War II would have never happened.'
Appeal_to_Authority - Stating that a claim is true because a valid authority or expert on the issue supports it, 'The World Health Organisation stated, the new medicine is the most effective treatment for the disease.'
Slogans - A brief and striking phrase that contains labeling and stereotyping, e.g.  “Make America great again!”
Thought-terminating_Cliches -  Words or phrases that discourage critical thought and useful discussion about a given topic, e.g. “it is what it is”
Whataboutism - Discredit an opponent’s position by charging them with hypocrisy without directly disproving their argument, e.g. 'They want to preserve the FBI’s reputation.'
Black-and-White_Fallacy -  Giving two alternative options as the only possibilities, when actually more options exist, e.g. 'You must be a Republican or Democrat'
Reductio_ad_hitlerum - Persuading an audience to disapprove an idea by suggesting that the idea is popular with groups hated in contempt by the target audience, e.g. “Only one kind of person can think this way: a communist.”
Doubt - Questioning the credibility of someone or something, e.g. 'Is he ready to be the Mayor?'
Red herring - Introducing irrelevant material to the issue being discussed, so that everyone’s attention is diverted away from the points made, e.g. “You may claim that the death penalty is an ineffective deterrent against crime – but what about the victims of crime?"
Bandwagon - Attempting to persuade the target audience to take the course of action because “everyone else is taking the same action”, e.g. “Would you vote for Clinton as president? 57% say yes.”
Obfuscation,Intentional_Vagueness,Confusion	 - Using deliberately unclear words, so that the audience may have its own interpretation, e.g. “It is a good idea to listen to victims of theft. Therefore, if the victims say to have the thief shot, then you should do it.”
Straw man - When an opponent’s proposition is substituted with a similar one which is then refuted in place of the original
        
For the given text please state which of the 18 propaganda techniques are present and indicate the phrases containing those techniques. If no propaganda technique was identified return "no propaganda detected". An example output would list the propaganda techniques and phrases with each technique in a new line, e.g.:
Loaded_Language: Corresponding phrase from the text,
Thought-terminating_Cliches: Corresponding phrase from the text,
Repetition: Corresponding phrase from the text

Here is the text:
 Gillum Makes Promises He Can’t Keep, “that’s not for [voters] to know” Says Campaign Staff in Undercover Video – PVA

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Email Link Embed Copy and paste this HTML code into your webpage to embed.
Empty Promises Exposed: “Fairy tales in the modern day begin with ‘once I am elected.
'”
Deceiving Voters: “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen” but “That’s not for [voters] to know.”
Candidate’s True Politics: “Gillum is a Progressive” and “He is a part of the crazy, crazy, crazies.”
Election Strategy: “You whip ’em up.
The poor, the middle income.
You have to whip them up into a frenzy in order for them to vote.”
Secret Gun Control Agenda Revealed: “three day waiting period for everybody,” “small steps” to ban assault rifles; “I don’t think he can say it [be]cause he’s trying to get the moderates”
Florida is a “F***ed up,” “cracker state,” “you have to appeal to white guilt”
This is a breaking news story.
Refresh the page for updates.
(Tallahassee) Project Veritas Action Fund has released undercover video from Florida gubernatorial candidate Andrew Gillum’s campaign, revealing his election strategy includes making empty promises to voters.
This is the seventh undercover video report Project Veritas has released in a series revealing secrets and lies from political campaigns in 2018.
Said James O’Keefe, founder and president of Project Veritas Action:
“What we found in the Gillum campaign was just what we found in Missouri, Tennessee and Arizona, a candidate lying to the voters he needs to win the election.”
Gillum campaign makes promises it knows it can’t keep
Featured in this report is a campaign staffer who works on Andrew Gillum’s gubernatorial campaign.
Omar Smith, who says he went to college with Gillum, reveals Gillum cannot fulfill his campaign promises even if he wanted to.
When asked how Gillum would fund all the programs he says he wants to fund, Smith says Gillum “can’t,” and when asked if voters are aware that Gillum cannot deliver on his proposed programs, Smith says:
SMITH: “That’s not for them to know… That’s not for them to know.
Remember our saying, modern day fairy tales start with ‘once I am elected.
'”
Smith explains that most of Gillum’s campaign promises could never be implemented, and that the Gillum campaign knows this:
SMITH: “So, let’s go back to Mr. Gillum’s platform, right?
Raise the corporate tax in Florida from 7 to 11 percent.
That will never happen.
Raise teacher’s pay to $50,000, that will never happen.
Give me another position.
Medicare for all, that will never happen.
The reason being, the legislature that write the bills is all Republican controlled.
Democratic governor, Republican legislature.
So, unless the legislature writes a bill, and it got voted on the floor, it cannot pass.”
Smith says that “the rules in Florida are f***ed up” and that Florida is a “cracker state,” explaining that the Florida legislature has to become racially black for Gillum’s agenda to advance.
“Whip up” the poor into a “frenzy in order for them to vote.”
Smith says that in order to get voters on board with Gillum’s fairy tale platform, the campaign must “whip” lower income individuals “into a frenzy.”
SMITH: “You whip ’em up.
The poor, the middle income.
You have to whip them up into a frenzy in order for them to vote.
Once Gillum is in, in another 2 years, other Republican Senators and Legislators will be on the ballot.
So, you have to whip up the Andrew Gillum voters again in those counties to vote out the Republican to get a Democratic Legislature in order for his (Gillum) will to be executed.”
Smith adds that because not all Democratic voters are the same, that the Gillum campaign needs to appeal to “white guilt” to turn out the vote:
SMITH: “You have to appeal to white guilt… [be]cause that’s what it is.”
Smith also explains that the Gillum campaign can’t let voters know what Gillum’s true agenda is before election day:
SMITH: “… We don’t, do we have to let [the voters] know what the agenda is ahead of time?
We can’t… We cannot… You alienate everybody.
Then you get painted like, oh, Gillum is being painted, no.
You are a socialist, you are way out of left field…”
Gillum is a “crazy, crazy,” Democrat
Smith also explains Gillum’s political worldview, saying that “Gillum is a progressive… He is a part of the crazy crazy crazies.”
Cliff Eserman, who works for the Broward County Democratic Party adds that during the Democratic primary, Gillum had to campaign on values he does not really believe:
ESERMAN: “In order to win he had to be… He’s really left of center.
So he was being left, not left of center… For the primary.
Now [in the general] he’s going back to left of center.”
Dale Holeness, who is the Broward County Commissioner and also works on Gillum’s campaign, explains Gillum’s gun control views:
HOLENESS: “There ought to be at least a three-day waiting period for everybody and a full background check for everybody… And we need to- And these automatic guns with sixteen rounds a minute, they ought to not be on the streets either, so that’s his plan.”
Adrian Young, who works for the Florida Democratic Party also elaborates on Gillum’s gun control views in the report:
YOUNG: “… I do think he’s not saying specifically like I’m going to ban bump stocks or I’m against ATs, only because he’s running a race right now.
I do think he would support anybody doing that stuff, Bill Nelson… But I don’t think he can say it just [be]cause he’s trying to get the moderates and the gun-toting people in North Florida…”
More Elections…
This is the seventh release in a series Project Veritas Action Fund began publishing in October 2018 exposing dishonesty and unethical conduct in elections across the country.
Project Veritas Action Fund will continue to publish undercover reports in this series.
View the other investigative reports in this series:



Response:
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice: “You have to whip them up. The poor, the middle income. You have to whip them up into a frenzy in order for them to vote.”,
Loaded_Language: “Gillum is a Progressive” and “He is a part of the crazy, crazy, crazies.”,
Loaded_Language: “You whip ’em up. The poor, the middle income. You have to whip them up into a frenzy in order for them to vote.”,
Thought-terminating_Cliches: “That’s not for them to know… That’s not for them to know. Remember our saying, modern day fairy tales start with ‘once I am elected.”,
Loaded_Language: “Florida is a “F***ed up,” “cracker state,” “you have to appeal to white guilt”