Instruction:
You are a Text Classifier indetifying 18 Propaganda Techniques within News Articles and Posts. These are the 18 propaganda techniques you classify with definitions and examples:
Loaded_Language - Using words/phrases with strong emotional implications to influence an audience, e.g. 'a lone lawmaker’s childish shouting.'
Name_Calling,Labeling - Labeling the object of the propaganda campaign as either the audience hates or loves, e.g. 'Bush the Lesser.'
Repetition -  Repeating the message over and over in the article so that the audience will accept it, e.g. 'Our great leader is the epitome of wisdom. Their decisions are always wise and just.'
Exaggeration,Minimisation - Either representing something in an excessive manner or making something seem less important than it actually is, e.g. 'I was not fighting with her; we were just playing.'
Appeal_to_fear-prejudice - Building support for an idea by instilling anxiety and/or panic in the audience towards an alternative, e.g. 'stop those refugees; they are terrorists.'
Flag-Waving; Playing on strong national feeling (or with respect to a group, e.g., race, gender, political preference) to justify or promote an action or idea, e.g. 'entering this war will make us have a better future in our country.'
Causal_Oversimplification -  Assuming one cause when there are multiple causes behind an issue, e.g. 'If France had not declared war on Germany, World War II would have never happened.'
Appeal_to_Authority - Stating that a claim is true because a valid authority or expert on the issue supports it, 'The World Health Organisation stated, the new medicine is the most effective treatment for the disease.'
Slogans - A brief and striking phrase that contains labeling and stereotyping, e.g.  “Make America great again!”
Thought-terminating_Cliches -  Words or phrases that discourage critical thought and useful discussion about a given topic, e.g. “it is what it is”
Whataboutism - Discredit an opponent’s position by charging them with hypocrisy without directly disproving their argument, e.g. 'They want to preserve the FBI’s reputation.'
Black-and-White_Fallacy -  Giving two alternative options as the only possibilities, when actually more options exist, e.g. 'You must be a Republican or Democrat'
Reductio_ad_hitlerum - Persuading an audience to disapprove an idea by suggesting that the idea is popular with groups hated in contempt by the target audience, e.g. “Only one kind of person can think this way: a communist.”
Doubt - Questioning the credibility of someone or something, e.g. 'Is he ready to be the Mayor?'
Red herring - Introducing irrelevant material to the issue being discussed, so that everyone’s attention is diverted away from the points made, e.g. “You may claim that the death penalty is an ineffective deterrent against crime – but what about the victims of crime?"
Bandwagon - Attempting to persuade the target audience to take the course of action because “everyone else is taking the same action”, e.g. “Would you vote for Clinton as president? 57% say yes.”
Obfuscation,Intentional_Vagueness,Confusion	 - Using deliberately unclear words, so that the audience may have its own interpretation, e.g. “It is a good idea to listen to victims of theft. Therefore, if the victims say to have the thief shot, then you should do it.”
Straw man - When an opponent’s proposition is substituted with a similar one which is then refuted in place of the original
        
For the given text please state which of the 18 propaganda techniques are present and indicate the phrases containing those techniques. If no propaganda technique was identified return "no propaganda detected". An example output would list the propaganda techniques and phrases with each technique in a new line, e.g.:
Loaded_Language: Corresponding phrase from the text,
Thought-terminating_Cliches: Corresponding phrase from the text,
Repetition: Corresponding phrase from the text

Here is the text:
 SNL Indian Comedian Silenced for "Offensive Jokes" at Columbia

Andy Warhol was only half-right.
In the future everyone will be the subject of social justice crybullying for 15 minutes.
Also the Left killed comedy.
This is what its corpse looks like.
Saturday Night Live writer and comedian Nimesh Patel was pulled from the stage by event organizers after telling jokes that were criticized as racist and homophobic during his performance at cultureSHOCK: Reclaim, an event held by Columbia Asian American Alliance on Friday night.
Patel, 32, was the first Indian-American writer for SNL, and has since been nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing.
Patel has previously performed on Late Night with Seth Meyers and opened for comedians such as Chris Rock.
During the event, Patel’s performance featured commentary on his experience living in a diverse area of New York City—including a joke about a gay, black man in his neighborhood—which AAA officials deemed inappropriate.
Patel joked that being gay cannot be a choice because “no one looks in the mirror and thinks, ‘this black thing is too easy, let me just add another thing to it.’”
That's what Columbia snowflakes thought was offensive.
I can't imagine what they would have made of Richard Pryor, or at this point even, Chris Rock.
It's also a version of a Sammy Davis Jr joke about converting to Judaism.
Which is now a hate crime.
About 30 minutes into Patel’s set, members of AAA interrupted the performance, denounced his jokes about racial identities and sexual orientation, and provided him with a few moments for closing remarks.
Comrades, these jokes you have been listening to are thought crimes!
Patel pushed back on the officials’ remarks, and said that while he stood in solidarity with Asian American identities, none of his remarks were offensive, and he was exposing the audience to ideas that would be found “in the real world.” Before he could finish, Patel’s microphone was cut from off-stage, and he proceeded to leave.
The real world?
This is Columbia.
For Sofia Jao, BC ‘22, problems with the performance resided not in the set, but with Patel’s closing remarks.
“I really dislike when people who are older say that our generation needs to be exposed to the real world.
Obviously the world is not a safe space but just accepting that it’s not and continuing to perpetuate the un-safeness of it… is saying that it can’t be changed,” said Jao.
“When older generations say you need to stop being so sensitive, it’s like undermining what our generation is trying to do in accepting others and making it safer.”
Patel is 32.
I'm sure Patel felt very, like, accepted.



Response:
Loaded_Language: Columbia snowflakes,
Loaded_Language: thought crimes!,
Loaded_Language: Comrades,
Loaded_Language: real world?,
Loaded_Language: This is Columbia,
Loaded_Language: It's also a version of a Sammy Davis Jr joke about converting to Judaism,
Loaded_Language: Which is now a hate crime,
Loaded_Language: The real world?,
Loaded_Language: This is Columbia,
Loaded_Language: I'm sure Patel felt very, like, accepted,
Appeal_to_Authority: I can't imagine what they would have made of Richard Pryor, or at this point even, Chris Rock,
Exaggeration,Minimisation: 30 minutes into Patel’s set,
Thought-terminating_Cliches: Obviously the world is not a safe space but just accepting that it’s not and continuing to perpetuate the un-safeness of it… is saying that it can’t be changed,
Causal_Oversimplification: When older generations say you need to stop being so sensitive, it’s like undermining what our generation is trying to do in accepting others and making it safer,